1、According to the von Neumann architecture, List basic parts of a computer.
1.CPU and Cooler
2. Motherboard
3.RAM
4.Power Supply Unit
5.Hard Drive
6.Optical Drive
7.Computer Case

2、A computer has 64 MB (megabytes) of memory. How many bits are needed to address any single byte in memory?
the bit is needed 2^16*2^10kb

3、List basic parts of a CPU, include cache or not?
The cpu components
First is the unit ALU,which performs simple arithmetic and logical operations.

Second is the control unit (CU), which manages the various components of the computer. It reads and interprets instructions
from memory and transforms them into a series of signals to activate other parts of the computer.

Third is the cache, which serves as high-speed memory where instructions can be copied to and retrieved. 

4、What mean secondary storage. 
List some on your PC
Non-volatile device that hold data unit it is deleted or overwritten.
My device has the Hard drive  、Solid-state drive  and USB thumb drive.
 
5、使用维基百科，解释以下概念: CPU、

A central processing unit (CPU) is the electronic circuitry within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer
program by performing the basic arithmetic, logical, control and input/output (I/O) operations specified by the instructions.
The computer industry has used the term "central processing unit" at least since the early 1960s.[1] Traditionally, the term 
"CPU" refers to a processor, more specifically to its processing unit and control unit (CU), distinguishing these core elements 
of a computer from external components such as main memory and I/O circuitry.[2]

RAM
Alternatively referred to as main memory, primary memory, or system memory, Random Access Memory (RAM) is a hardware device 
that allows information to be stored and retrieved on a computer. RAM is usually associated with DRAM, which is a type of
memory module.

ROM
Short for Read-Only Memory, ROM is a storage medium that is used with computers and other electronic devices. As the name 
indicates, data stored in ROM may only be read. It is either modified with extreme difficulty or not at all. ROM is mostly
used for firmware updates. 

Bus 
(computing)、Parallel Computing 6、写一段文字，简单解释“云计算(cloud computing)”

Cloud computing

Cloud computing is a term used to describe services provided over a network by a collection of remote servers. This abstract 
"cloud" of computers provides massive, distributed storage and processing power, which can be accessed by any Internet
-connected device running a web browser.

云计算就是将很多电脑CPU的运行空间，将这些机器集中在一起，用一个主程序将一个程序或需要计算的数据分配给这些机器，发挥其内存空间和运行功效，最大化计算效率.

7、小孙买了计算机主板，说明书表明“支持双通道DDR3-1333内存， 最大支持16G”

1)DDR3内存，“3”和“1333”的含义是什么?
频率，1333MHz 3是DDr（双倍数据速率）的第三代

2)小孙买8G DDR3-1600的内存能提高性能吗?
不能，8G DDR3-1600内存条会被识别成8G DDR3-1333

3)小孙买4G*2 DDR3-1333的内存能提高性能吗? 
能，但要主板支持双通道内存，内存条需要插在正确的插槽中

4)16G需要多少位地址?
34位=log2^ （16*1024*10*24*1024）
