Hello everyone today I am gonna introduce some thing basic on how to design the program by the top-Down way,these blog will use  
an example to deeply describe the way,it is the water machine ,let’s do it.

  First part of the blog is the introduction part ,here are the review when I read the Wikipedia.Top -down design can affect lots  
of area like the architecture, software engineering , computer science and so on.Today I am gonna tell you what I have learned  
after reading the introduction of Top - down design from Wikipedia.
According to Wikipedia,there are two basic rule that control the world which are top —down and bottom - up ,both of them are   
commonest routine in the creatures brain.
  For example ,the human beings,here are two indicators of our daily life .One is when we first find a new flower ,our mind will  
be grasped due to its visually color,that is the bottom up effect. The other is the time when we designing a model,we will   
initially consider it’s main look rather than the details ,only if we manage the design ,we will consider the detail function   
and turn to find the way to complete it,that is the Top-down effect.
There is no doubt that the Top -down design cost less time than bottom top design,however.It may cost more money because of   
sometimes we must invent some tools to fulfill the function,but me,as a computer scientist,would prefer the top down design,I   
think the supposed to be the most effective way to solve the problem .By the way,many people like me should use our analyst   
skill more often ,that how we survive on the earth.
  
  Thank you for your great patient , I believed that you have learn something ,if you have a different view,you can email to   
allenchris0720@icloud.com ,we can chat on the email.All right the second part of the blog is the pseudo code with washing   
machine ,before we learn that ,we can use the internet to know “What’s the rule of pseudo code.”
 
  Washing machine is so common in our daily life ,but have you ever consider about how does the box work.Ok , maybe we can   
know that the electricity provide the power,the circuitry control the machine ,now I need you think more ,what are the
Basic function of washing machine.Yes they are the bottom that can switch on or off,a water comes in function and time   
function,the motivation of cylinder . Here is the pseudo code for washing machine .Remember if you try to write a pseudo code ，  

following these rule .
1.Main function include the variable  and the functions you need.
2.define the functions  one by one 
3.simply it!
The pseudo code:

Void washing_machine
{
motor_run
Time_counter
decide_to_stop
}
void motor_run
{
While the time isn’t over 10 min 
Do
{
Left}
While the time is over 10min but less than 20 min
{Do 
Right
While the time is over 20min}
{Do
 left for 10 min 
Right for 10 min
Until 40min }
Void time counter
{
If the water on
Count the time until the machine stop
}
Void identify
{
Time counter
If the time counter over 40min
Print success
Else
Print fail
Thank you for your reading hope you have already improved your skill today.See you next time.
